BFF v4 documentation spike (#757)
DuendeSoftware/docs.duendesoftware.com: src/content/docs/bff/getting-started/multi-frontend.mdx

---
title: Getting Started - Multiple Frontends
description: A guide on how to create a BFF application with multiple frontends. 
sidebar:
  order: 20
  label: "Multiple Frontends"
  badge:
    text: v4
    variant: tip
---
import { Code } from "astro/components";
import { Tabs, TabItem } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

Duende.BFF (Backend for Frontend) supports multiple frontends in a single BFF host. This is useful for scenarios where you want to serve several SPAs or frontend apps from the same backend, each with their own authentication and API proxying configuration.

:::note

> Multi-frontend support is available in Duende.BFF v4 and later. The v3 style wireup is not supported for this scenario.

Author: ```suggestion
Multi-frontend support is available in Duende.BFF v4 and later. The v3-style of wiring up BFF is not supported for this scenario.
```

---

> title: Getting Started - Multiple frontends
> description: A guide on how to create a BFF application with a single frontend. 

Author: ```suggestion
title: Getting Started - Multiple Frontends
description: A guide on how to create a BFF application with multiple frontends. 
```
